We thank the referee for a fast and competent review. We are happy to address the concerns raised in this new version of our submission. All significant changes (beyond simple typos) are marked in bold font, any exception is discussed in the reply below. We add in our responses below in between the referee's comments.

>>> While the paper states that there is now this one-to-one correspondence between X-ray emission and C III and O VI lines for the full set of stars, there is very minimal discussion about it. Additional columns in Table 3 with the line fluxes for each star should be added. Further, any specific trends that are found with these new CHANDRA measurements should be discussed and a plot with this information should be shown.

We added a new figure (Fig 2), a new subsection (Sect 3.1) and additional discussion on the connection of chromospheric and coronal properties (Sect 3.5).

>>> The other main conclusion drawn from this work revolves around the detection of X-ray emission from an A star with Teff > 8200 K. Since the result is dependent on this parameter, there needs to be a more thorough look at what the actual temperatures of these stars are. Specifically for this edge-case star, tau3 Eri, the referenced literature value gives an effective temperature of 8210 K, however, there are more recent literature values of lower temperatures (7855-8091 K) that would alter the conclusions drawn from this work (https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2016A%26A...591A.118S/abstract). This should be addressed in the text (e.g. lines 170 and 234) and the full range of possible Teff values should be listed in Table 3 and plotted as error bars in Figure 2.

As we discussed in the text in several places, the spectral type and temperature of the photosphere is not unique, as can be seen for example in the > 1000 K difference between pole and equator that is interferometrically resolved in Altair. In the previous version, we accounted for that by giving a range of spectral types in the table. That range of spectral types was then transformed to a range of temperatures using the Mamajek table. We did this because in many cases, it's the spectral type that is directly measured, not the effective temperature, and it is the local temperature at the location of the dynamo that sets the conditions for UV and X-ray emission. If this is only a small part of the star, the effective temperature might be a less useful measure since it is averaged over the entire star, see discussion in Robrade et al about HR8799. However, to make a plot, we have to convert the spectral types into some numeric value; what we did in the previous version was to take a "standard deviation of the type" as the type range that covers the inner 68% of the interval of types that we found. That's of course a bit hand-wavy and so we have now followed the referee's suggestion to switch the base for our Teff to the PASTEL catalog, which gives us the Teff as a floating point number that is easy to deal with. 

Unlike the referee suggested, we don't think that "the full range of possible Teff" (from the smallest to the largest value listed in PASTEL) is a good representation of the uncertainty in the effective temperature, because the number of measurements available varies widely from just one for HR 4796A to 27 for Vega. Naturally, there is a much larger spread  in the values for Vega, because different surveys use different data sources and methods. Listing the smallest and largest values can give outsized importance to data of questionable quality, e.g. for Vega the smallest and largest values listed are both based on almost half a century old works, while most of the other references date from the last 20 years. We settled on the standard deviation of the reported Teff values as a measure of uncertainty for the temperature.

After all that, though, the general conclusion that the X-ray activity drops in a very narrow temperature range remains. beta Pic and delta Leo have identical temperature within the errors and, given the uncertainties on Teff, 8200 K could still be the location of that change. We have reworded the relevant locations in the article to put less emphasis on the exact value of the location.

>>> -The authors should strongly consider a new title. The current one is confusing and does not adequately describe the work presented in the manuscript.

We changed the title. Since this title is already formatted in a special way, no extra bold font is applied for this change.


>>> -Table 3 is missing error margins on the Teff, vsini, and Lx measurements. Since all stars in Table 3 are plotted in Figure 2 against Teff, please also include those temperature ranges in the table.

We wish we had uncertainties for all those values. We had addressed that to some degree in the text, but we have expanded on that. See also the answer above about uncertainties in the spectral type and effective temperature.

>>> -Line 31: please quantify what is meant by "most." What is the approximate percentage of the sample?

We don't really know the approximate percentage, thus the soft wording "most". Only a very small fraction of A and really B-type stars that are X-ray detected in RASS has been followed up with Chandra. In the Stelzer paper we cite, they observed just 5 stars. In three of them the X-ray are clearly coming from the resolved companion. In the remaining two, the X-ray properties are similar to the resolved companion, indicating that they might be coming from a companion that is unresolved even by Chandra - and indeed one of the two systems is a known spectroscopic binary. That puts the rate to 60-100%. However, the sample is small and they might be some bias that comes in from the sample selection. 
Huelamo et al. (2000) compare the ROSAT hardness from resolved companions with emission from stars that do not have a resolved companion and conclude that "the presence of an unresolved late-type companion seems to be the source of this emission" but the limited spatial resolution of ROSAT and selection of study targets from a known binary catalog are potential problems. The article itself does not attempt to quantify a fraction. We've added a some detail to the text, but we want to keep this discussion short, since we concentrate on close, well-studies stars exactly because of the problem of unresolved binaries.

>>> -Line 40 / 232: the reference for the formation temperatures of C III and O VI should be moved to the first mention of these values.

While the numbers T=50000 and T=300000 K are given in the Simon et al reference, it would probably be better to refer to an atomic database here. We added a citation to CHIANTI in the old line 40 (line numbers might differ in the new version of the manuscript). While the CHIANTI citation is newer than the Simon et al work, the temperatures at which those lines peak are still the same. For atomic data, we generally consider it best practice to check with the most recent atomic data and then refer the reader to that.
The Simon et al reference is for "C III and O VIII lines". We moved that reference before the temperatures to avoid confusion.

>>> -Line 114: typo "here to similar" -> "here to be similar"

In this sentence we simply wanted to say that we compare values obtained in this work ("here") to literature values. We re-worded that sentence.